updated how-to guides (#63)
dappforce/subsocial-docs: docs/develop/how-to-guides/Structures.md

A short summary of each is provided below:

### Profiles

> A [profile](https://docs.subsocial.network/js-docs/js-sdk/interfaces/interfaces.profile.html) is basically a space that represents users data like name, picture, a short bio, etc. Any space can be marked as users profile and these profiles help in easy authentication across different Dapps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [profile](https://docs.subsocial.network/js-docs/js-sdk/interfaces/interfaces.profile.html) is basically a space that represents a user's data, such as their name, picture, a short bio, etc. Any space can be marked as a user's profile, and these profiles help in easy authentication across different Dapps.
```
